I'm joined right now by Albert
ching-ching from slightly musical which
is your YouTube channel and it's
slightly musical spelled slide at him
because I do both music and magic there
we go and so you are you are now slowly
becoming your like an adoptive child
here at the flying house right I was
friends with a lot of people at the
house already
prior to offline TV becoming a more
established
I guess brand and so I think most people
here are mostly streamers and people who
like our producers but not so
well-versed in the technical side of
stuff and that's kind of where I come in
I've done a lot of music videos shoes
and commercial shoots and I own like a
lot of film gear and so you know every
now and then when they're doing a
shoo-in they're asked they're trying to
figure out how to shoot it I like step
in and I'll be like you should try you
know using this piece of gear or hey I
like a Kino like a Kino yes like a
scarlet yeah yeah you guys ever do stuff
with key pros ever no no no not the key
pro-level yeah you know it's just it's
kind of defense I think I've learned so
much of Yahoo either way so you so
you've now kind of helped you help a
little bit more on the like high level
production stuff very cool and now what
what is it like being when did you
really start to get more involved in the
offline stuff because it's all it's been
somewhat recent right yeah I would say
in the last two or three months yeah and
then alongside this you did a correct me
if I'm wrong but you did the riot video
where you were in the LCS studio and you
guys played the cover of the LCS or
though sorry the world song for this
year I just never die so I have a pretty
close relationship with Riot Games
especially their music department and so
usually every year at Worlds they'll fly
me alongside its other content creators
like Nikki Taylor
TJ Brown and we perform at Worlds and
this year I wanted to do kind of do
something to tease our performance at
Worlds and so I did a cover with um Lily
who was
in Laughlin TV and some of my friends at
the LCS studio yeah Lily I did not
notice until recently that she plays the
piano yeah she's actually pretty good
but she's like very self-conscious and
she won't play it when I'm tuning into
her stream and like hey like can you
play this song and then she merely just
stops cuz I saw like I I became aware of
this only recently and when I
interviewed her a little bit ago she was
saying I was like oh so you do this
whole piano thing now and she's like do
you I don't know what that is I know but
like that she it was very impressive
seeing her in that music video yeah
she's great she just needs a little more
self-confidence when it comes to her
performance okay and she used to say
just like never wanted to be on camera
so I'm just trying to force it akin to a
comfort zone keep pushing her out there
yeah exactly
now so it was really cool that you were
able to do that how did the music video
at riot kind of all come together
I talked to Jessica from I'm the
community creator side I write and I was
like I have this idea and here are the
people I want to pitch you know Josh or
Zell was also going to be a part of it
and like I thought this would be a cool
thing to do with a few friends and I and
we got five people together just like a
ranked five team or a team that be
competing and so I kind of wanted to to
convey that competitive spirit in a
musical group you know what I have
noticed is that there is no theme music
for offline TV could you produce like a
theme song for offline TV that kind of
everyone knows and like goes along with
like a jingle or just like a Lego tune
and the beginning of the video like you
know how there's like the Celine Dion
song for Titanic you know I want some
iconic music everybody knows like the
Back to the Future theme I want
something where when you think offline
TV this music starts playing in your
head like Hans Zimmer style yeah that's
definitely something that um I think
I'll actually be working on okay good I
just something maybe like with the
inception like you know something that
redefines how people think of music for
YouTube channels yeah maybe maybe not
inception love I find that's a little
bit too profound for offlane TV really
because I feel like it's really I would
love a dramatic trailer just make like
the most over-the-top dramatic like do a
do you can you're great with lighting
I've seen some of your stuff
do you like these dramatic like lighting
shots of all the different personalities
you know Skaar like mean muggin like I
could I could see that being really good
yeah I mean that's definitely a
possibility but right now we're just
trying to raise the overall production
level and you know sounds actually been
one of the biggest issues and you know
we have I don't know in here you notice
a couple mics up boom mics yeah yeah
they're precariously tapes on there but
you know we make do with what we have
nice I just use this microphone and
that's all I need
yeah that's convenient then use like
lavalier mics or boom poles
why isn't he why is it I've been asking
him that question for a while we what
the issue that we found with loves is
that one they're expensive I have no
money and two they're especially on the
wireless side where are you shooting at
events and then the audio sound guys
just find us and even if they've cleared
our channel ahead of time there's just
way too much interference
all right this is the captivating
content people wanted from this
interview okay so talk to me a little
bit more so yeah how does the magic
stuff work into it um into into my brand
or like into it because music and these
kind of high level music videos but then
you're all you also do this whole magic
thing and are they illusions or is it
magic and I just common fix I'm that I'm
not that pretentious but I've been doing
magic for almost as long I've been doing
music and I think it just goes hand in
hand I just like to fiddle with stuff
all the time yeah but would it be safe
to say that you bring the magic and the
music to offline TV I would say me just
slightly so very good yeah I'm I try to
combine both sometimes in my videos
where I'll like have a music video and
then I'll do a magic trick that and it
goes along with the music but yeah and
then so what should we expect from you
in 2018 I'm planning on sending up a
stream where hopefully I'll be doing
music some gaming content and also IRL
Street magic so that's something I'm
trying to figure out how to set up
about I roll music street music I I can
do both
I didn't I can set up a shop play music
to draw people in and then do a magic
show see what you are doing is
next-level monetization because you can
monetize the live audience on the street
then monetize it on stream then you turn
that into vaad content and you get just
all this money right I mean that's
that's that the end game goal but you
know got to build that build the
community first yeah very good stuff
well hey is there anything that you
would say to any of the offline fans or
anybody who wants to check out yourself
first off you should once again until
your YouTube you put your YouTube
channel out there because I'm sure
people want to check it out but anything
else I mean I I still don't like Tecna
consider myself officially part of like
the offline TV fam maybe I'm just more
like have you seen like BuzzFeed worth
it series kind of yes kind of you know
there's that guy who who films
everything and just sits in the vaccine
doesn't say anything that's Broden and
mine yeah people he's just that one
random guy that we reference here so I
think that's sort of the position that I
occupy at the current moment
I mean hoping to maybe step up in the
future and do some other collaborative
stretching when it comes to music but
but yeah thanks for watching all this
stuff hopefully you guys like the
content that we've been doing and you
can follow me at slightly musical on all
my social media except Twitter it's the
our chain cuz my musical is one letter
too long will you be involved in the
next mariachi prank with skaara
if there is one I'd like you to
magically reveal a mariachi band and
have a nobody knows where he was the
Mariachi band suddenly it's just there I
can probably make that happen there we
go I'm excited for the video I think you
so much for the interview for everyone
also you can check out the rest of my
coverage of all things magic magical
musicians right here on my youtube
channel
thank you everyone for the support I
hope you enjoyed that interview I really
appreciate all the support that I have
gotten from folks over the past couple
of weeks and if you'd like to support me
you can do so over at Travis Khafre comm
slash support